Alright guys, here's another question, this
one just says “My skin looks dull, I've
tried Kojic acid on my face and I had stopped
because it gave my face a grey ghost look.
What would you recommend and how do I use
it?"
Then she asked me another question, she was
like "My skin shade is a bit darker than Gabrielle
Union but I would love to get your shade or
two shades lighter than my skin tone."
Here' my replies to her; I was really, like,
when (inaudible) send me this kinds of questions,
I'm really frank, I don't judge anybody but
here's what I had to say to her.
I said "Hi, thanks for the kind words, why,
my area expertise is not a recommended skin
lightening cream so people (inaudible) have
a pigmentation, I can give you few pointers
on how to brighten your complexion, okay.
So (inaudible) thing that I'm just (inaudible)
skin lightening creams and besides I use this
light like one was getting so bright in this
video is because of my lighting now if I go
back you'd see like, so yeah.
This is what I recommend for her, tips.
Number one, drink a lot of water.
I drink lots and lots of water.
I exercise so when you exercise, you drink
like at least three, four bottles of Desani
water, at least three, you'd consume that
while you're exercising, that's a lot of water.
Number two, eat at lots of vegetables.
Number three, use vitamin c serum and retinol
on your face, yes.
Vitamin C is a natural skin brightener so
don't be alarmed.
I use tretinoin as prescribed by my dermatologist.
If you're unable to get to a dermatologist,
there's a plethora of sites that sell, vitamin
c or retinol products, example; Pro Derma
Light, going to leave it below for you guys.
My fourth recommendation to her was use moisturizer
with SPF.
I use Neutrogena Ageless Intensive Deep Wrinkle
Daily Moisturizer, that's really long.
My fifth recommendation to her was for your
body, I would say don't mess up your skin
with harsh chemicals.
It is not worth it, trust me, it is not worth
it.
For people who would like brighter skin complexion
on your body, I would say get an exfoliating
body scrub, okay.
Your skin has just probably taken a lot of
hit from just the weather, pollution, dead
skin.
So get yourself a good exfoliating scrub and
mild brightening lotion, okay.
The one I use is from Clarins, it's a really,
really highly reputable, Clarin is a really,
really good skin care brand, it's natural,
it's called Clarins Bright (inaudible) Brightening
Hydrating Day Lotion, this is not a bleaching
cream, okay.
So don’t expect to go from Kelly Rowland
to Beyoncé at all.
(inaudible) to her was shower twice daily
and reapply your products, okay?
It's pretty easy.
A bonus tip, that I recommended was her taking
supplements, I take vitamin E, vitamin C 1000
mg, selenium and Quercetin, I wonder if this
is how it's pronounced, every day.
I'm trying to not get old, seriously, I was
just planning for my future but these vitamins
help with skin care just to have a glowing
skin that looks healthy, you know that's really
a plus for any female, okay, for glowing,
not a white skin or just like (inaudible),
like, just healthy looking, bright skin, okay.
Alright guys, that's it for me.
If you have any questions do feel free to
ask.
I'm pretty candid with my answers, like, I
have nothing to hide, yeah, and I don't feel
like you should also feel like ashamed or
like just embarrassed to ask anything, do
so, alright.
Bye.